I am experiencing a credit card issue during my booking
We are currently experiencing issues with Credit Cards saved to your FRONTIER Miles account and are actively working on fixing the issue. Please make sure to manually type in your credit card information on the payment page to complete your purchase. We apologize for any inconvenience. 

How do I check-in for my flight?
You can check into your flight multiple ways. See the options below for more information!

Online Check-In: Check in on our Online Check-In page up to 24 hours prior to flight departure (until 60 minutes prior to departure). You will be able to view your itinerary, purchase bags/seats and print your boarding pass. Remember bags cost more at the airport! 

Mobile Check-In: Download our free mobile app for iOS and Android to check-in and get your mobile boarding pass with ease. If you have your mobile boarding pass in hand and are not checking a bag, or just have a carry-on, you can skip the airport line and head straight to the gate!

Airport Check-In: Airport Agent Assistance is available for purchase for our passengers who prefer ticket counter assistance at the airport. 

Priority Check-In: If you have purchased one of our  bundles, purchased a carry-on bag or if you are a FRONTIER Miles Elite level member, we invite you to look for the Priority Check-In lane at our ticket counters.


Can I use the website to check-in if I need to check bags?
Absolutely! Checked and carry-on bags cost less at Flyfrontier.com! Simply indicate how many checked and carry-on bags you plan to bring. Purchase bags and save today!

Once you have checked-in online, and are at the airport, follow the bag drop signs available at most airports at our check-in counters. Remember, all bags must be checked in at least 60 minutes before departure. 

*Note: Oversized and excess baggage charges may be applied at the airport. Some items, such as assistive devices, are exempt from baggage charges, which we can only waive at the airport. We are actively working to add bag drop stations to all airports, but please note some airports may not have bag drops available. 

What times do I need to keep in mind to ensure I make my flight?
We don’t want you to miss your flight! We recommend following the below airport timeline:

2 hours before the flight: arrive at the airport
60 minutes before the flight: be checked in with boarding pass and have any bags checked in
30 minutes before the flight: be at your gate
Note: Doors will close 15 minutes before the flight.

When do I need to check in for my flight?
Check in on our Online Check-In page up to 24 hours prior to flight departure (until 60 minutes prior to departure). You will be able to view your itinerary, purchase bags/seats and print your boarding pass. Remember bags cost more at the airport!

Airport Check-In Times: We recommend you arrive at least 2 hours prior to departure to ensure you are checked-in and at the gate by the cutoff times. If you're traveling during peak times like early morning or evening, or during holidays and other events, please plan accordingly and allow for extra time. You must have your boarding pass and any baggage checked by the following cutoff times:

Domestic Flights:  60 minutes before departure
International Flights:  60 minutes before departure
Please be at the gate and ready to board no later than 30 minutes before departure.

I am having trouble checking in, what should I do?
Just a reminder about checking in:

Online Check-In: Check in on our Online Check-In page up to 24 hours prior to flight departure (until 60 minutes prior to departure). You will be able to view your itinerary, purchase bags/seats and print your boarding pass. Remember bags cost more at the airport! 

Mobile Check-In: Download our free mobile app for iOS and Android to check-in and get your mobile boarding pass with ease. If you have your mobile boarding pass in hand and are not checking a bag, or just have a carry-on, you can skip the airport line and head straight to the gate!

Airport Check-In: Airport Agent Assistance is available for purchase for our passengers who prefer ticket counter assistance at the airport or you can check in via airport kiosk. 

For a website or app error, visit this page for troubleshooting.

Can I still get a printed boarding pass?
Yes you can print your boarding pass at home or at the airport. Here are all the ways you can get and use your boarding pass. 

Online: You can print your boarding pass when you check-in to your flight online. If you don’t print your boarding pass right away, you can always log back into My Trip on your Manage My Booking page to get your boarding pass at a later time before your trip.
Mobile: Using our free mobile app, you can get your mobile boarding pass and use it right at the gate on your phone!
Airport: Print your boarding pass at the airport at one of the self-service kiosks, or at the check-in counter. All you need to bring is your confirmation code, confirmation email, credit card and ID, or passport.

Can I cancel my reservation?
All tickets are non-refundable unless the WORKS was purchased at the time of initial booking. All bookings are refundable within 24 hrs of booking for flights over 7 days from departure.

I didn't use my ticket, can I use it later?
Tickets must be canceled prior to the departure of the flight to keep their value. There is no refund for no-shows.   The ticket is lost, and no residual value is preserved.


If you have a ticket credit with us, simply book your new flights on flyfrontier.com and select “Credit with Frontier” as your payment to apply your credit.

I would like to change the name on my ticket
If you need to change the name on your ticket prior to travel but plan to keep the same itinerary, you may do so by paying the following:

Any difference between the fare already paid and the current fare selling for the same itinerary
$75 name change fee
For additional assistance please visit our contact us page.

NOTE: If you must make an itinerary change (date changes or city changes) in addition to the name change, both the name change cost and subject to a fee found here.

Will I be charged a fee to cancel my reservation?
Within 24 hours of purchase:  If the date of travel is outside of 7 days, all tickets may be canceled for a full refund up to 24 hours from the time of purchase. No cancellation fee applies. You can request a refund on your Manage my Booking page by logging into My Trips. Note: Tickets purchased within 7 days of travel will be held as credit and are subject to a fee found here.

Beyond 24 hours from purchase: If it has been more than 24 hours since you purchased your ticket, or the booking was made within 7 days of travel, a cancellation fee may apply and can be found here. The value of your ticket, less non refundable charges or fees, may be applied toward the purchase of a future ticket. To cancel your booking, log into My Trip.

Did you purchase The WORKS℠? Refundability is included with the purchase of the WORKS℠! Therefore, cancellations will not incur a cancellation fee. Visit Flyfrontier.com and retain the value of your purchase for use within one year of the transaction date. To request a refund, simply fill out our online refund request form.

Note:  Tickets must be canceled 24hrs prior to flight departure in order to retain their value. Failure to show for any flight or cancel a ticket prior to any ticketed flight departure will result in the application of a service charge in an amount equal to the value attributable to the no-show portion of the itinerary.

My flight is delayed more than 3 hours, what should I expect?
We know there are times when things don’t go as planned. In the event your flight is delayed more than 3 hours (180 minutes), you will be sent a link to make your selections by email. There will be options available for you to decide what to do next.   

To check the status of your flight, visit our Flight Status Page.

How to cancel my trip?
If you need to cancel your travel plans, you can cancel your reservation on our website or app.  

To cancel on the website go to “My Trips/Check-In”. 

Access your booking by entering your “Last Name” and “Confirmation Code”, then press the “Search” button.

Will my boarding pass automatically update if there are involuntary changes made to my flight?
Yes, your mobile boarding pass will update if there are changes made to your flight. 

We recommend being at the gate well ahead of your flight. We will usually begin boarding about 30 to 35 minutes before departure time, so it’s important to be at the gate and ready to board at least 30 minutes prior to scheduled departure.

Remember, your gate assignment and departure time could change due to operational requirements. You can easily stay updated by checking the flight monitors at the airport and by checking your Flight Status.

Can I bring a stroller onboard?
You can bring a stroller, but once you take it to the gate, it must be checked from there. The stroller will be checked in free of charge.

Learn more about traveling with family here.

Will I be charged a fee for bringing a stroller?
No, you will not be charged a fee for checking a stroller, or a car seat. By the way, you can use the stroller in the airport, and the gate agent will check it at the gate.  The stroller will be returned to you by our ramp agents at your destination so you can use it at the arriving airport too.  

Learn more about traveling with family here.


Can I bring a car seat onboard?
You may choose to purchase your little one his/her own seat and use an approved car seat on the plane. Since this is the safest way to travel, we encourage you to do so, if you can. Our seat widths vary depending on the size of the aircraft. Minimum seat widths on the A319 and A320 are 17.4" and on our A321 minimum seat widths are 16.5".

Car seats must be pre-approved with air-travel-approved FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) labels. If they do not have a label, the car seat may be checked-in only. Booster seats may not be used during take-off and landing but may be used during flight. 

Car seats cannot be placed in emergency exit rows, in the rows directly in front or behind of emergency exit rows, or in the very first row. We also suggest placing car seats in window seats so they do not impede access to the aisle by other passengers. 

Learn more about bringing a car seat under the Traveling with Infants and Children section here.

Do you allow pets on the plane?
Yes, domesticated dogs, cats, rabbits, guinea pigs, hamsters or small household birds may be carried on flights within the United States for a one-way directional charge. Only domesticated dogs and cats may be carried to or from international destinations. For safety reasons, your pet must stay in their travel container at all times. We do not allow pets to be checked as baggage.

A few things to know about your pet’s traveling container:

The travel container must be large enough for the pet to stand, turn around and lie down in a natural position. The carrier must also fit underneath the seat in front of you. There may be certain seats that cannot accommodate your pet container, but we'll work with you to get a seat assignment with space.
Maximum dimensions for a pet container are 18" length x 14" width x 8" height.
In addition to the travel container for your pet, you are allowed either a personal item OR a carry-on bag. An additional fee will apply for the carry-on bag.


Can I book a flight online for my child traveling alone?
Effective November 1, 2018, Frontier Airlines will no longer accept children traveling alone under the age of 15 years of age.  Any child under the age of 15 must be in the same reservation as an accompanying adult.

If your child is older than 15 years old, they may travel alone. 

Does my infant need a boarding pass?
Frontier Airlines allows infants from seven days old up to the child’s second birthday to fly free of charge in an adult’s lap. They must be added to your reservation and will have a boarding pass, even if they don't occupy a seat. A maximum of 1 Infant on Lap per adult is allowed, otherwise an extra seat will need to be purchased for your baby to sit in.

A lap infant does not have their own assigned seat, meaning that they will be on your lap for the duration of your flight, and may not use a car seat in flight.  

Note: If you prefer that your baby fly in a car seat, you may purchase a regular ticket for your baby and they will get their own assigned seat on which you can install your child's car seat. Keep in mind that the car seat must meet FAA's safety requirements for use on an aircraft, and must meet the labeling requirements that say so.  Look for a label that says "This restraint has been certified for use in motor vehicles and aircraft" in red lettering.

Do you offer Wi-Fi, TV, movies, or other in-flight entertainment?
These services are not currently available on Frontier flights. The lack of these services and electrical outlets on our flights means cost savings, and the lowest fares possible can be passed on to our customers!

Learn more about our business model at Why Fly Frontier!

Do you offer complimentary food and beverages in-flight?
We do offer food and beverages in-flight for purchase. These are not complimentary, as we would rather pass the cost-savings on to our customers by offering the lowest fares possible!

How can I get my receipt for an In-Flight purchase?
In-Flight receipts can be accessed by visiting https://fft.flight-retail.com/receiptportal/ and following these steps:

Select your payment type
Enter the required information
Flight Number: can be located on your boarding pass or your itinerary
Click "Search Receipts" 
Receipts can be saved or printed using the "Print All" button at the top of the receipt page

Do you serve alcohol on board?
Wines, beers, and a variety of spirits are all available for purchase inflight. 

What forms of payment does Frontier allow for in-flight purchases?
During flight, Frontier Airlines currently accepts Visa, MasterCard, and American Express credit cards. Frontier Airlines also accepts payment in the form of Apple Pay, Google Pay, and Samsung Pay. 

At this time Frontier Airlines does not accept Discover Card or cash for inflight purchases. 
